hey everyone tya why you 14 here with an
opening video today I kind of did a
spontaneous purchase from American girl
and I got a new doll and her accessories
and as you can come inside of the box
it's a historical doll so I'm just going
to open her over here and then show you
which one I got oh you'll probably see
it but it's moving ok so I mentioned in
a video before that I had wanted Marie
grace and things called AG updates video
and yep I bought her so I at her and her
accessories will open and I actually got
this from a offered they had on the
Today Show I think I was a couple
Wednesday's ago and I was only first or
an hour you get Marie raising her
accessories for fifty dollars to seal
for sissy on her accessories fifty
dollars and the bed for fifty dollars
you can see the deal here
and I just couldn't let that offer pass
and associate fits a dolla that I really
wanted I'm like I'm gonna get her so
yeah I wasn't really going I didn't
think I was going to get any more dolls
but I did so here's her book and I'll
take you probably seen helpful videos of
a face probably a secret anymore but
yeah so since i bought a new doll I
proud of the salt I probably have to
settle Paris owner now Paris being my
blond doll I'd love you doctor and then
once I sell Paris I think I'll just fine
number 49 and then I'll be done unless I
don't know I see another good deal
oh oh my god is ridiculous to be I ain't
center in person yet they like be
holding her now eyes are so pretty that
was like really like this marygrace pink
girls are going to be a pain and I've
already seen videos of people in her
braids out sided tape out and straighten
it so there's Marie grace so yeah I had
this her accessories which is originally
124 plus shipping for fifty dollars plus
like seven dollars shipping and I saw a
G superstar 001 got to seal her to mom
got it for her while she was at school I
was like oh my god that was the deal
from the Today Show because i only have
one class on wednesdays so i was able to
see it the advantage of going to college
and I love her Grace's accessories to
the head very hard a little ties very
cute just upside down supposed to be
that way what's upside-down and if they
take that wrong but what
sure the head and then bang yellow I
didn't unjust my camera settings and
this really cute um
heart
necklace
see ya and I didn't really get to seal I
mean I really like Cecile but our socio
never because i have menorah as you know
my kind of custom just like a doll and
she kind of looks just like to see old
like having twinsies but i really wanted
Mary Grace so here she is I'm probably
just gonna call her like Marie or
something for short crisp cold there we
go I like her she's like highlights in
her hair it's really cute in the back
I mind I'm really excited about the
length of her hair because um that many
my dolls have hair down to their butts
so I think she's a great addition to my
collection oh man I was just came off
so yeah also about one thing from AG
black friday and i didn't really make an
opening video of it because it wasn't
that big a deal so i bought one thing
but i'll show you right now so i got the
varsity jacket I'm American Girl and it
says american girl up in the corner
there and it's so smooth and shiny this
isn't something i thought i'd want of
course with one direction everything she
looks so cute if you can see she's
wearing boots and skinny jeans and then
on the back move her breathe by the way
there's an inter store you love oh and
then it's kind of trimmings and all
smooth so yeah that's kind of latest on
AG stop at BOTS and yeah so let me know
if um I don't know just if you own Marie
Grey's where some like fun things to do
did you leave her pink curls in or did
you straighten them tuck them somewhere
and did you keep her original braden
because I take it out then I'd have to
straighten it so I don't know yet what
I'm gonna do she's so pretty love rock
wise I her fate so different
all right thank you for watching this
update video bye